josh it was the best summer of my life
thanks to you I did not think that two
people can become so dear
I think we should break up. You are very
emotional strange but I love you
loved bye guys see you no i don't
emotional untruth
Lord, my eyes opened, standing, squeezing
keeps years later
protect yourself when you were truly
happy child a bunch has always been without
crazy from one guy for real
happy
Josh Chin Josh Century Bunch
can we have a great summer then if i
knew you would be so successful
beautiful women and can meet i move
moving in the rock on in california 9
1791 before the tour hours 4 with traffic jams
now in her life you will be in the west
phoned 1 new meaning
and in the shower new songs train kavina
California
I wanted fixtures Japan
wonderfully here is their city
comes to life on the beach just two hours 4 pages
I knew about the river would also walk
pretzels I gave such lines still too
happened here is josh i saw
resume and harvard yel she knows
Chinese that she forgot here that led
you in our troops vein
just wanted a change to know
we have if earlier it would be a machine
to come for him it was so strange
but if suddenly he calls to his home I
Of course, and the doctor
give dear hello it's glad bondage
me sift vyaknut if lie down
california but smiley bangs
approximate
and recently I'm from New York came to me
other new york came george than yes
okay kidding in general a game is
like a know where he was, I could not have but
knowing the volume will be tomorrow at the party
would you like to have a date with me
for beautiful smart and ignore me
I love people like you forgive me for saying
ideally better so strange nowhere not see
Josh, what do you have with Josh
you bake
go out
josh wrote today will not come it
girl feed him on thames anyhere
he has a strange sister girl
be written free this fall
I do not know who Josh than yours
obsessed that you are here for nothing
like that it would be crazy she
normal from the writer the devil wears
prada counselors crazy and you can hear
you are not crazy you are in love and directors
500 days of summer
because it does not matter, I learned that he has
girl no facebook said free
if he loved her he would change the status i
he said the same thing exactly to you
you probably will write josh exactly
Deal in love train Karina
california in happiness
we live two hours from the beach
for orchestra grant in the soul life changes
my already
rachel bloom and yet by coincidence
random vision who just thought
a miracle of fate is a fad because
It turned out there are only two Josh
hours to the beach
just two hours to the beach crazy ex
4 hours to the beach people say suddenly but
they go